remove the embassy are you hijacking me
I'm from British intelligence come and
meet the others let's do some good let's
have some fun
now isn't that joy perhaps you can tell
us what this letters all about Katerina
Oliver catcher Lord catcher ever flirty
would one never proposed to one never
even married one so she wrote you a
letter signed your loving K and tongue
you don't know oh now you're getting it
old boy is that Scotch over there
the last thing barley Blair wanted was
to be a hero is that catcher that's huh
you remember her now no such luck she
visited the British consuls audio fair
in Moscow if you love a piece take this
to England to mr. Scott Blair the only
thing hotter are over wanted was to
change the world it is better that you
smile you can't think of any reason why
a Russian book editor called Thatcher
Oliver but risk our necks to send you a
manís who said risk mech
the Russia house
hello your catcher of course how did you
recognize me mister well Nicky said you
were Russia's answer to the Venus de
Milo
they met my design we're off how long
are you staying in Moscow please mr.
pilot seven days
mrs. Katya are you a spy on syrup yeah
nobody's buying it not even ours I don't
bite I don't lie up dinner with it is
not convenient when you call me then
what they risk their lives it's not safe
for me then it's not safe for you and
then they risk their hearts really is so
good to see you I love you all my
feelings were preparations for me
it's like nothing I've ever known
it's unselfish love
grown up bluff
you know it is barley please it's mature
absolute
sterling love
metro-goldwyn-mayer presents Sean
Connery I'm with you Michelle Pfeiffer
my life now only has room for truth Roy
Scheider like a man who's going his own
way James Fox say babe like someone who
didn't need to be careful John Mahoney
it's come-to-jesus time for both sides
now and Klaus Maria Brandauer what is
the method are you afraid well of course
I'm bloody affect this Christmas they're
watching us John the Krays haunting love
story comes to the screen I love you and
I won't let you down
the Russia house
you